# Have you No Class ?
This is a known issue. From Bootstrap to Tailwind, and countless others in between, stylesheets devised by large groups and corporations insist you accept their blueprints as gospel in order to accomplish and accommodate your goals.
<details>
<summary>More</summary>
Without exercising any measure of critical thinking, it is natural to accept this messaging. However, as anyone who has invested time and energy into using exceedingly large and opinionated stylesheets can attest, these solutions regularly create more problems than they claim to solve.
</details>
While there are benefits to using highly manufactured and processed frameworks (now you can split-up the work of a single person among dozens of people who should all be able to contribute and not mess up anything!), these behemoths consistently prove to be overkill for the majority of projects. If you or your organization chooses to adopt one of these frameworks, you are locked-in. That choice is a commitment tantamount to a contract or marriage. Transitioning away from one processed framework to another will demand time, specialized effort from trained professionals, and most of your operational expenditure for the remaining calendar year. <details><summary>More</summary>
In theory, in a vacuum, if you ignore reality, then please go enjoy. This is not for you. This is for people who have No Class. This is for people who have No Time to waste. For those who have No Care for bullsh** they do not need. For those who have No Respect for frameworks that reinvent so much of what is already available out of the box with traditional markup elements, CSS Flexbox, and CSS Grid. This is for those who want to deliver the best work, the most efficient work, with nothing that is not needed.
Bloated CSS frameworks can intimidate and frustrate even the most practiced designers and developers. That is why Wix and SquareSpace exist. For those who are scared and lazy. The idea that you must learn and abide by all of the rules set forth in a framework devised out of congested groupthink is backwards. It creates a natural barrier to entry that hinders interest and adoption.
</details>
No Class is a blank slate. No Class encourages minimalism, efficiency, and creative thinking. No Class is for the best of us. Make what you make with No Class. Happy coding.